OADP-4517: Adding Performance Section to OADP docs (#78956)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-1-4-data-utilization.adoc

//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-performance/oadp-1-4-performance.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="oadp-1-4-data-utilization_{context}"]
= OADP 1.4 data utilization

> The following shows observed performance when running OADP backup and restore with different plugins in an isolated environment. Customers' experience using OADP may vary from these results depending on the type of resources in their cluster such as cpu(cores), storage, network and content of the data that is used for backup and restores.  These numbers are not meant as a minimum expected rate but represent transfer rate when performing backup and restores in an isolated environment with optimal conditions and dedicated hardware.

Author: ```suggestion
The following is an example of observed performance when running {oadp-short} backup and restore with different plugins in an isolated environment. Customers' experiences with {oadp-short} may differ from these outcomes based on the types of resources in their cluster, including CPU (cores), storage, network, and the content of the data utilized for backup and restores. These numbers are not intended to represent a minimum expected rate, but rather the transfer rate when performing backup and restores in an isolated environment with optimal conditions and dedicated hardware.
```

> The following shows observed performance when running OADP backup and restore with different plugins in an isolated environment.  Customers' experience using OADP may vary from these results depending on the type of resources in their cluster such as cpu(cores), storage, network and content of the data that is used for backup and restores.  These numbers are not meant as a minimum expected rate but represent transfer rate when performing backup and restores in an isolated environment with optimal conditions and dedicated hardware.

Author: ```suggestion
The following shows observed performance when running OADP backup and restore with different plugins in an isolated environment. Customers' experience using OADP may vary from these results depending on the type of resources in their cluster such as cpu(cores), storage, network and content of the data that is used for backup and restores.  These numbers are not meant as a minimum expected rate but represent transfer rate when performing backup and restores in an isolated environment with optimal conditions and dedicated hardware.
```

.Transfer Rate

The calculated throughput rate represents the amount of non-zero data contained in a pv(s), used in the backup or restore process divided by the  time taken to process a backup or restore.

This rate allows customers to understand the performance of OADP.

> 

Author: ```suggestion

[id="oadp-1-4-data-utilization-single-backup_{context}"]
```

//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/oadp-performance/oadp-1-4-performance.adoc

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> :_content-type: CONCEPT

Author: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
```

> :_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

Author: ```suggestion
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
```

[id="oadp-1-4-data-utilization_{context}"]
= OADP 1.4 data utilization

> The following is an example of observed performance when running {oadp-short} backup and restore with different plugins in an isolated environment. Customers' experiences with {oadp-short} may differ from these outcomes based on the types of resources in their cluster, including CPU (cores), storage, network, and the content of the data utilized for backup and restores. These numbers are not intended to represent a minimum expected rate, but rather the transfer rate when performing backup and restores in an isolated environment with optimal conditions and dedicated hardware.

Author: ```suggestion
The following is an example of observed performance when running {oadp-short} backup and restore with different plugins in an isolated environment. Your experiences with {oadp-short} may differ from these outcomes based on the types of resources in their cluster, including CPU (cores), storage, network, and the content of the data utilized for backup and restores. These numbers are not intended to represent a minimum expected rate, but rather the transfer rate when performing backup and restores in an isolated environment with optimal conditions and dedicated hardware.
```

.Transfer Rate

> The calculated throughput rate represents the amount of non-zero data contained in a pv(s), used in the backup or restore process divided by the  time taken to process a backup or restore.

Author: ```suggestion
The calculated throughput rate denotes the quantity of non-zero data contained within persistent volumes (PVs) utilized in the backup or restore process, divided by the duration required to process a backup or restore.
```

> This rate allows customers to understand the performance of OADP.

Author: ```suggestion
This rate assists in your understanding of {oadp-short}.
```

[id="oadp-1-4-data-utilization-single-backup_{context}"]

> == Backups for single pod and pv

Author: ```suggestion
== Backups for single pod and PV
```
